.TH Tilux 1 GNU
.SH NAME
tilux

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./tilux
[-h]
[--help]
[1 -c -e]
[2 -c]
[3 -i]
[4 -i -o]

.SH DESCRIPTTION
.B tilux
is a CLI that has many useful and consice scripts. The scripts are located in cryptography, monitoring, networking and system folder and you then specify which script you want to run.
.PP
Shortly about the folders:
.PP
Cryptography consists of ccrypt, openssl, pyca and zip and all have an encryption and decryption option.
.PP
Monitoring consists of CPU, memory and website.
.PP
Networking consists of IP and server pinging.
.PP
System consists of many system related scripts such as. configurations, system info etc.
.PP
NOTE: In the options example below, I have for example cryptography -c -e. Here is a list of the available options: cryptography (1, cryptography or crypto), monitoring (2 or monitoring), networking (3, networking or net) and system (4, system or sys).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
display help information.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -c " " -e
ccrypt encryption.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -c " " -d
ccrypt decryption.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -o " " -e
Openssl encryption.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -o " " -d
Openssl decryption.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -p " " -e
Pyca encryption.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -p " " -d
Pyca decryption.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -z " " -e
Zip encryption.
.TP
.BR cryptography " " -z " " -d
Zip decryption.
.TP
.BR monitoring " " -c
monitoring cpu processes.
.TP
.BR monitoring " " -m
monitoring memory consumption.
.TP
.BR monitoring " " -w
monitoring website (if it's up and if not it sends an email).
.TP
.BR networking " " -i
IP pinging.
.TP
.BR networking " " -s
server pinging.
.TP
.BR system " " -c " " -g
configure git.
.TP
.BR system " " -c " " -gtd
gnome terminal profile dump.
.TP
.BR system " " -c " " -gtl
gnome terminal profile load.
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -bf
bf (backup folder).
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -c
clean (clean system of logs and trash).
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -d
del (delete file or directory).
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -e
exists (check if file or dir exists).
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -fd
fd (number of files and folders).
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -fl
file updated.
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -fs
file size.
.TP
.BR system " " -f " " -l
last updated (file).
.TP
.BR system " " -img " " -ci
convert image.
.TP
.BR system " " -img " " -i
image info.
.TP
.BR system " " -img " " -ri
resize image.
.TP
.BR system " " -img " " -ro
rotate image.
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -b
computer bit system.
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -di
check distro.
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -ip
IP address.
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -k
kernel version.
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -o
check OS.
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -prv
python and ruby version.
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -r
root (check if you are root or not).
.TP
.BR system " " -i " " -s
display computer space, uptime and number of processes running.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -a
add alias.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -cdp
convert doc to pdf.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -d
default web browser.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -o
open website.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -p
parse date.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -rl
remove line.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -rt
resize terminal.
.TP
.BR system " " -o " " -s
search specific command.
.TP
.BR system " " -p " " -cpu
CPU name.
.TP
.BR system " " -p " " -gpu
GPU name.
.TP
.BR system " " -s " " -fp
force poweroff.
.TP
.BR system " " -s " " -fr
force reboot.

.SH AUTHOR
Endormi
